Title: pdfScraping
Author: MCKeuken
Date: Nov. 2018

Challange: When calculating the costs of healthcare of institutes we get a number of data files. It can occure 
        that these numbers are not complete. In that case it is a bit of a pain because you would then have to go 
        through these financial reports manually to find that number. The nice thing of these financial reports is 
        that their layout is fairly constant which means that a given number is usually preceded by a regular       
        description. 
        
Goal:   The goal of this script is to search for certain strings within a PDF document which is followed by a number. 
        The code first converts PDF files to a txt file, then within the txt file searches for a regular expression. 
        The reason why I convert the PDFs to text is because PDFs are not necessarily very easy to search through via 
        regular expresions. 

Layout:
        1) Importing standard modules
        2) Definine PDF-TXT convert functions
        3) Convert the PDF to TXT
        4) Search for the regular expression  
        5) Control
    
Requirements:  two folders:  - pdfDir (this contains your pdf files)
                             - txtDir (this is the output folder)
Title:  pdfScraping
Auteur:  MCKeuken
Datum:  Nov. 2018

Uitdaging: Bij het bereken van zorgkosten van instellingen krijgen we een aantal bestanden aangeleverd. Het kan soms 
        voorkomen dat een bepaald getal mist. Dit is dan best onhandig omdat je dan handmatig door een jaarrekening 
        moet om dat bepaalde bedrag te vinden. Het voordeel is dat de layout van jaarrekeningen een bepaalde structuur
        aanhouden waar de beschijving voorafgaande aan het bedrag constant kan zijn. 
        
Doel:   Doelstelling is om binnenaPDF bestanden opzoek te gaan naar een bepaalde text waarna een bedrag staat. 
        Wat de code doet is de pdf bestanden om te zetten naar een txt bestand, in het txt bestand opzoek 
        gaan naar een reguliere expressie, en de text na de reguliere expressie wegschrijft naar een dataframe.
        De reden waarom de PDF's omgezet worden naar txt is dat pdf's niet echt heel makelijk zijn om door te 
        zoeken met regulieren expressies. 

Layout:  
        1) Algemene modules importeren
        2) PDF-TXT omzet functies defineren
        3) Daadwerkelijk PDF naar TXT uitvoeren
        4) Op zoek naar de reguliere expressie 
        5) Controle
    
Requirements:  twee folders aanmaken:  - pdfDir (waarin je de pdf's inzet)
                                       - txtDir (dit is de output folder)
 
 

 
